[Your package!]
I'll just leave it here.
Thanks.
Hi there.
Cake delivery for your office.
The receipt blew away.
I'm running late...
Just put it over there.
Appreciate it.
Do you remember who ordered it?
It's a "Ran".
"Ran"?
Hello, Xiaohe?
Is Anran live streaming right now?
Could you come over
and grab her cake?
Xiaohe.
Xiaohe!
Hi, Xiaohe.
Xiaohe! Hey, Xiaohe!
Xiaohe!
Hello, Xiaohe.
Xiaohe?
Xiaohe.
What's this?
Anran.
The office got you a cake.
Seriously?
[Don't they]
[know you're dieting lately?]
Definitely.
I've put on weight.
But when the company sends a cake,
you have to try a bite, right?
[True.]
Just one bite.
You guys can have the rest.
What?
Why are you closing it?
It's just...
These need to be
in the same order
as the links.
Otherwise,
it's a real problem...
This... does this belong here?
But this one's pricier.
This should be here.
Sort them by price?
Yeah, by price.
Easier to pick up this way.
Besides sequencing,
you gotta practice.
What if we fumble
during the demo?
What will people think?
High pressure, instant unclogging.
No more backed-up toilet.
Just go get the package.
Stop it, you're sucking
the desk right in.
- Anran?
- [Liu Bo?]
[Busy?]
Product selection.
Your bangs are all over the place.
[Zhang Ran?]
Yes?
Is that for me?
The office ordered you a cake.
It wasn't me.
Oh, thank you.
Here's to skyrocketing metrics.
Oh, no "skyrocketing" expected.
Just a lucky streak.
I don't think so.
You just got here
and already pulled those numbers.
That's not just luck.
You've got the skills.
Well... because
I frequented your live room.
Th-thanks for showing me the ropes.
How diplomatic.
The thing is,
lots of people in my room
never reached
the heights you did.
That's about you.
Just joking!
Alright, I'll leave you to it.
Sure thing.
Okay, thanks.
Let me slice you a piece.
Have a slice.
No, I'm off sugar.
Not having any?
I'll pass.
Alright.
See you.
Bye.
I was just teasing.
It's fine.
Hey, did your package arrive?
I've looked everywhere.
Check this out.
It says "signed and taken".
Cut the cake first.
Okay.
It does say "delivered".
Does it?
Isn't it there?
No, I checked the whole place.
Hey, I'm—
[Are there a bunch of]
[boxes at our front door?]
I think I'm right
staring
at them now.
And I'm trapped by them inside.
[Honey, help me bring them in.]
[Be careful with them.]
They're gifts
for the team.
Okay, but first I need
to get out of here.
Should I drop them off
at your office later?
[Actually, don't worry.]
I'll send Liu Bo over tonight
to get them.
A few of those boxes
are gifts for our parents.
Don't mix them up.
We'll sort through them later.
[Okay, honey. Bye.]
Got it.
Whoa.
What about these?
Gold frames.
Do they make me look... cheeky?
I think they look smart.
They do?
What's wrong?
I looked ghastly white.
Nonsense.
We haven't even started yet.
See for yourself.
My face and my neck
don't even match.
Think about those TV actors.
They slather on
layer after layer,
[like a wall heavily plastered.]
Refrained from looking down
in case the makeup flakes off.
Yours is nearly natural.
Let me see.
[It's not working.]
[Yes, it will work.]
Michael.
Yes, Mr. Li?
Come take a look.
Is the makeup heavy?
Not at all.
I'm as pale as a ghost.
[Can't even tell the difference, can you?]
[Right?]
I think Mr. Li is right.
Go on. Do him up.
Mr. Li, I need to go...
Okay.
Do not cover his wrinkles.
They are part of the look.
Can't do it anyway.
I'm not sure about
the eyebrows...
[Perhaps don't arch them upwards.]
[His brows are like this now.]
[Just a tiny bit up will do.]
You know the likeness of Wenquxing, the god of literature?
That brow... after it dips down,
there's a slight...
upward...
You mean the Lord of Way and Virtue?
[No, no!]
[I'm saying Wenquxing.]
[It's like, it's...]
Watch me.
Comes from here...
Then downwards here...
Hold still.
After that...
Stop moving!
Stop fiddling with his stuff!
You have no idea.
[Put it down.]
Michael.
Michael?
[Yes?]
What do you think?
Feels like it's still missing something.
Just follow Mr. Li's lead.
Okay.
Relax. You're good.
Just relax.
Too stiff. Loosen up.
Will you stop twitching your mouth?
Stop picking at it.
[It's itchy. There's fuzz.]
[Just hold on a sec.]
Hands in your pockets.
Pockets?
Your pants' pockets, man.
[Yes.]
Curve
your lips.
Adjust
[your tie.]
See?
Looks sharp.
Yeah, really sharp.
[Touch your]
[head.]
Mr. Li! Mr. Li.
Mr. Li.
Let Johnny do it.
Come over here.
Alright.
No problem.
Like this?
[Sideways,]
[a bit more toward me.]
Like you're pondering.
Deep in thought.
And... got it.
Smile, dude.
What?
"Nobody but you."
Will this work?
Against the pillar.
Could you smile?
That's it.
What do you think, Michael?
Mr. Li, your thoughts?
I think it's perfect.
I agree.
My idea!
...Tossed to the trash bin,
sending the whole room laugh.
What's so funny?
Hey, you're back.
I'm home.
What are you up to?
Working on this proposal.
[Here.]
[Brought you some sea intestine and rice.]
Watch me.
Let me think.
What's for my next project?
Got it.
Do I look scholarly?
Li Daoqi showed me.
Honey...
Yeah?
You look like a spy.
A spy?
Am I not academic?
Answer me.
What... what are you doing now?
[Have we got dish soap?]
What?
W-wait a minute.
Are you gonna wash your face?
I need to get this off.
With dish soap?
Are you serious?
How else?
I just tried water.
Wait.
Not working.
Don't! Don't get it wet yet.
Just don't...
A moment.
Shouldn't I... rinse it first?
[No! No water—stop it!]
Feels awful.
No water.
I'm just gonna rinse this off first...
Oh my god. Honey.
You're unbelievable.
No, I've got to...
Water
is spilling everywhere.
I'll... I'll wash it like this.
Ouch! Cramps.
You're a handful.
Where is it?
Here.
My hip.
Okay.
Now, put some in your palm.
And rub it.
Yeah, that's it.
Spread over and
massage your face in circles, gently.
Circles.
Like this?
That's it.
Honestly, with
all the makeup and removal,
it must be exhausting
being women.
Of course it's hard being a woman.
Gaining weight means no discipline.
Losing weight, unhealthy.
[No makeup, you're ugly.]
[With makeup, you're too coquettish.]
Don't have kids?
Shirking social responsibility.
Have kids?
You're neglecting your career.
Bottom line:
It's all her fault.
Women have it the toughest.
That was
incisive.
How about making
a roasting video out of it?
They just want me to play the fool.
You know what?
Before...
Keep rubbing.
Do I have to?
Yes.
My skin's gonna get raw.
A few more minutes.
I think you used to be
pretty great.
Like...
Full speed ahead
all the time.
You were an influencer.
How did you end up
second-guessing
everything?
This job's eating away at you.
Shall we change it?
Or at least,
take a break.
Alright?
You want me to
be a housewife?
To hell with it.
I have to make something of my own.
Look at the people at my company.
They're not that great.
How come
they're all riding high?
Am I missing a nose
or eyes to do the same?
[I'm highly educated.]
[There's]
[gotta be some way.]
I swear.
I won't give up.
Now that's the queen.
You're making a comeback.
Just forge ahead.
It's nothing.
What's that saying...
The one in your
neighborhood:
"No guts, no glory."
Stick to it!
You can do it.
Let's go!
It just hit me...
It's pretty lucky being a guy.
No daily makeup,
no daily skincare.
You know, a crew came swarming
around me during the photo shooting.
I was so annoyed.
So very annoyed.
But I had to play along
for the shoot.
Honey?
It's really not easy.
Thank you.
Don't mention it.
For our family,
it's no trouble.
Let's go for it!
We're wasting water. That's it.
Am I clean?
Yeah.
You are.
[Look who's home.]
To be honest, I'm feeling pretty rough,
but I'm delighted
to tell you
I brought a fine bottle of wine for you.
You know what time it is?
[Fine wine!]
What time?
Go ahead, tell me.
Past one o'clock.
Keep your voice down.
Don't wake the baby.
It's past one, so be quiet.
Can't wake the baby.
[Since you're up,]
[care to join me for]
[a little nightcap?]
[It's good stuff.]
Daoqi,
can you not
come home so late anymore?
I know the business's keeping you,
but I assume
today's not about work at all.
[You are right.]
But it was just as draining.
Today, Xing Kai
took us to this
weird castle
to meet some odd people.
Daoqi, I-I don't care.
I'm not interested.
I just want to say,
[from now on,]
[don't come home this late.]
You're messing up
Nian's
and my routine.
I have a plan. Best of both worlds.
We move.
We move next to my office.
[Then I can pop back home]
[during lunch.]
[No. Cut it.]
This is just drunk talk.
We're not discussing this.
Go take a shower.
I'm going to bed.
Okay, I'll shower.
And I will shower
without disturbing anyone's sleep.
Now that's a challenge.
Keep it down.
Alrighty.
Anran, you're the best.
Another one of the countless lifts.
It's on my way.
Can I try this?
Here.
New samples from
the business development team.
Right.
Smells nice.
Osmanthus.
Citrus.
And a hint of peach.
Yes.
About the Lady Tiger deal,
I really appreciate it that
you're happy for me.
[I'll keep telling others]
[Anran has the biggest heart.]
Alright, enough.
I often think about
how I can repay you.
You've been so good to me.
You're such a
major influencer.
You could've shrugged
off a small-time chatterbox like me.
Once I'm doing better,
I'll try my best to give back
to your channel.
For real.
I can't just take without giving back.
Right?
Believe me.
What's good about me is that
I always pay back.
Appreciate the sentiment.
Once you're hot,
the opportunities follow.
Seize the moment.
If you make it now,
you're set.
[Zhang Ran, right now,]
[you don't need me anymore.]
[This industry is like that.]
[There are no real friends.]
[Only the metrics]
[are your real friends.]
[When your numbers are big,]
[you have a voice.]
Why are you on the couch?
Come to bed.
[I wasn't sleeping.]
Fu Yudong.
What's this?
For you.
Tired?
Want a nightcap?
I'm chattering like a clown
day in and day out.
And here you are,
sipping your chic life.
How unfair is that?
Don't get worked up.
It was a gift.
For you? Why? How?
Why'd they pamper you?
I'm the CEO.
That's the reason.
Come on.
Let's taste success.
We're not sending this
as a present to others?
You're my number one VIP.
I'm giving it to you.
Well?
In my expert opinion...
this wine
has certain...
notes of earth
on the palate,
mingled with a formaldehyde bouquet.
How can earth and formaldehyde
produce any bouquet?
Never mind.
[I'm saying,]
[how does this compare]
[to the shots in Canada?]
Different thing.
The ones sold in Canada
are over twenty dollars a bottle.
Different taste.
They must be making good money.
Who?
No one.
If the wine is that good,
we should savor it properly.
Okay.
Here.
Back when I was at the TV station,
I hated the office politics.
Here I am, right back in it again.
Back again.
Lady Tiger's video
only made me happy for one day.
Less than twenty-four hours.
Am I stupid or what?
I should have seen
through what Mr. Lin
was really saying.
What was he praising me for?
He was praising me
just to put Lin Anran down.
So I'm nothing.
I'm just a prop they used.
Aren't they tired of fighting like this?
Tired? But they're making money.
They get tired,
but they put real money in their pockets.
I get tired and I...
For my measly little bit.
Who knows
when I'll be sacrificed again.
That's not going to happen.
Are you overthinking it?
If I didn't overthink,
I will end up just like Miss Liao.
So what if you get banned?
I can take care of you.
I'm a CEO now.
How big of a deal
is this CEO anyway?
Can it handle UFOs?
Don't interrupt.
Listen,
being CEO
has been feeling really good lately.
I go to business dinners every day.
This really opened my eyes.
Xing.
Xing Kai, the one I told you before.
He's the king of dinners.
At a dinner recently,
to make everyone happy,
guess who
he invited?
Soccer star Messi?
Not that big.
He invited an opera singer.
The singing...
So refined.
Don't you believe me?
When that girl arrived,
she didn't eat or drink.
Just stood up and started singing.
♪Memory.♪
Is she playing a painted-face role?
Get down from there.
Don't break my chair.
Can you nouveau riches
appreciate the opera?
It's ridiculous.
What a waste of opera.
That's what I thought.
But honestly,
you have to admire her.
That girl knew perfectly well
no one at the table
could understand her.
But she still sang
with such confidence.
What kind of quality is that?
An actor's quality.
And
the singing
was just the appetizer.
There was even a tour.
Why whisper? Is someone else there?
What do you mean, tour?
I'm almost embarrassed to say.
Hey,
here I am, huffing and puffing,
making faces as an influencer.
And you're living this life?
This must be
the CEO life.
Listen, if you ever
get really famous,
I bet you'll feel
way better than this.
Give me another hundred bucks worth.
I can get famous.
What about you?
Are you planning to
keep making this kind of videos?
You watched it?
I think it's really hard for you.
If it gets too much, just quit.
I'll take care of you.
I have
my own career now.
Don't laugh.
I'm serious.
I just want you to be
happy and relaxed.
If it really doesn't work out,
just treat it as a hobby.
You don't need to
play those mind games
with those guys
and worry about all that nonsense.
I'm okay for now.
Being a sidekick to a big influencer
isn't so bad.
Not tiring.
Honey,
the wine you brought is good.
If you get tired,
just tell me.
I'm here.
Okay.
Watch,
I can tap
at the same speed as the second hand.
Do you believe it?
Look.
Reminds me of when you did your makeup.
It got faster
and faster.
How fun.
You jerk.
Are you Zhang Ran
from the Financial Talk?
I am.
No wonder you look
so familiar.
You look almost the same
as ten years ago.
Do I?
I used to
watch your show all the time.
Your English was so good.
I even had my daughter watch it
to practice her speaking.
Thank you.
Thank you and your family.
Are you still a host?
No.
I quit many years ago.
What a shame.
Such a pity.
I've already paid
on the app.
Could you give me your autograph?
But I'm not doing it anymore.
You might get famous again someday.
You never know, right?
Please, sign this for me.
Thank you.
Sir, I'll leave it here.
Okay, just put it here.
Thank you.
[Manage your time well.]
[First, we handle all the detailed plans]
[for the first half of the year...]
[Right.]
[We... We shouldn't]
[rush into things.]
[I'll call you back later.]
Mr. Fu, you're here.
What's wrong, Mr. Fu?
What is this?
Actually,
these are very normal
marketing tactics.
After all, our brand
is built on the expertise
of Dr. Fu.
So we
just want the public
to see your background
and education
more clearly.
This is
one of our features.
It's also a highlight.
I have real degrees
and experience.
And related photos.
But now
you've turned it into this.
Even real ones
will look fake
this way!
What were you thinking?
[Yao!]
[Come here!]
I gave you the full plan.
And you just edited the pics like this?
Do you even have any taste?
All of Dr. Fu's work experience
and degrees
are real!
But you made them look fake!
What kind of work attitude is this?
Get out!
No sense of quality at all.
Mr. Fu,
I might need you
to send me some
of your old photos later,
so I can push them
to redo our materials properly.
This
was my oversight.
It won't
happen again.
I'm sorry, Mr. Fu.
I'm sorry
for the trouble.
My fault.
Go ahead then.
Wear this makeup next time.
It looks good.
Ms. Qian!
Anran.
Haven't seen you in a few days.
I have a planning meeting now.
Sit in
and give me some guidance.
You don't need my guidance.
I love whatever you do.
Ms. Qian,
Mr. Lin is in the meeting room.
Okay. I know.
I'll head over.
Anran, I'm going to the meeting.
I'll come see you later.
Okay.
Only novices need guidance.
We don't need it.
Let's go.
Okay, everyone's here.
This meeting is
about the proposal
for the streamer's video.
Recently,
our tech team
provided some data.
On points netizens
are currently interested in.
Workplace topics are trending.
So we want to make some
related
funny videos.
Mainly continuing
Ran's "Desperate" series theme.
Excuse me,
let me interrupt for a second.
I don't mean to disrespect
anyone's work.
I just think
this kind of joke
could be a bit...
improved.
Let's not make it so...
I mean, could we make it
a bit more sophisticated?
Your video with Lady Tiger
was great.
I... I feel like this kind of
over-the-top silliness
isn't really good.
How is it over-the-top silliness?
We make short videos
just to give people
some entertainment.
We're not making art.
Of course, we respect the content
and the audience.
Buy a coffee,
and half of it is ice.
They really know how to run a business.
Don't get theirs anymore.
If Zhang Ran has issues
with this proposal, it's not
that she's afraid of looking bad.
It's just that the humor
isn't strong enough.
It doesn't meet
her standards for content quality.
Right, Zhang Ran?
Not really.
I think I jumped into this field
too hastily.
Don't worry.
Your improvement
is the company's greatest asset.
I support you.
Okay, we'll go back and think about it.
Go back and think about it.
I've
already come up with a new proposal.
Can you hear me?
Being an influencer is tough.
Zhang Ran.
I've kept this wine
for twenty years.
It's for the person I value most.
You should've said so.
Then I wouldn't have drunk it like this.
I don't deserve such good wine.
You deserve even better.
Just the two of us tonight.
Let's talk straight.
Absolutely. Every word
will be the truth.
Back when
you were a host,
you stood in front of the camera
reading lines
written by others,
saying things
you might not even agree with.
Even then,
I could see your spark.
Your professionalism,
your drive,
and your cultural depth
are all your assets.
This era will be yours sooner or later.
Thank you.
Mr. Lin,
I've been drinking tonight.
Honestly,
on my first day at the company,
Ms. Qian
showed me around.
Watching all those people
in their little cubicles
doing their things,
I felt like I couldn't do any of it.
Out loud I...
I said I was impressed.
But inside, I was completely hopeless.
I thought I couldn't do it.
I couldn't do any of it.
But I came all the way back here.
What was I supposed to do?
That day we were brainstorming,
you were stirring
a cup full
of ice.
I had a lot bottled up inside
that day.
I didn't say it.
I didn't want to do it.
And I think you could tell
I didn't want to.
Why didn't I want to?
I haven't
told anyone this.
Tonight is the first time.
Truthfully,
I looked down on this industry.
But I want to say,
your plan
has had great results.
It is
a plain fact.
I went back and reflected.
Since I
chose this profession,
I have to do it well.
I need to respect it.
That's what I told myself.
So I want to say I trust you.
Whatever you say, I'll do.
Alright?
Many people had proper jobs
before becoming influencers.
They felt like this
lowered their status.
But look,
the world is so competitive now.
Everyone's so anxious.
They can only
find a bit of joy
through our videos.
We're the psychologists
of this era.
I've been
through all the lows you have.
I found this smartwatch
for you.
A dark horse domestic brand this year.
Since you trust me,
I will lift you up.
Alright?
Mr. Lin,
so I don't have to
do those pots
and plungers anymore, right?
That's what you mean, right?
Mr. Lin,
I've been drinking tonight.
I'm not going to pledge my loyalty.
Don't listen
to what a person says.
Watch what they do.
Just watch what I do.
Whatever it takes to succeed, I'll do.
Alright?
Thank you.
-Fu Yudong!
Where did you go?
Why are you so drunk?
Am I home?
Am I home yet?
Come on.
Am I home?
Don't panic.
Snap a photo and post on social media.
Come on.
Fu Yudong.
Get up.
Let's take your bag off first.
Careful. Duck your head.
Careful.
One, two, three, up.
Let's go.
To the room.
I'm fine.
I know you're fine.
I'm going to show you
I'm an alien now.
Okay, alien.
From which planet?
From the Musha Musha planet.
What's the Musha Musha planet?
Don't pull me.
I know you're pulling me.
Well,
see this?
The company gave me new products.
Finally, I don't have to
deal with pots and pans anymore.
That's impressive.
Now...
Now I can pick anything I want.
These watches are all really good.
It can monitor
your heart rate,
blood lipids, and height.
Well, not height.
The moment I saw it,
I wanted to get it for you.
Because you're tired.
Honey, you're tired.
I wanted you
to wear this.
So, it can watch over you,
see if you're tired
and if you need to rest.
Now listen to me.
Do as I do.
Watch me.
Let's test it.
First, sleep.
We'll test tomorrow, okay?
Please.
Test it with me.
We'll do it like this.
Like what?
Plank.
Is this a plank?
Hold it steady.
Okay.
It will show your heart rate
and stuff.
It
keeps an eye on your health
through your heart rate.
Ready, go!
Starting now!
Why isn't it moving?
I think
either the watch is broken,
or I am.
But it's probably
the watch.
The watch is broken?
Fu Yudong.
We were so happy
back in Canada.
I often think about how we used to
smile a lot.
Back then, we had no money.
Things in the house kept breaking.
The toilet kept overflowing.
And the power went out.
All the dirty, hard work
was done by you.
Honey,
I'm going to make it big soon.
Once I do,
I won't let you do these things anymore.
I'll let you enjoy life.
I'll let you just lie around all day.
Okay.
Honey, you're amazing now.
From now on, you take care of me!
I'll take care of you.
I'll take care of you, Fu Yudong.
Zhang Ran.
Are we done?
I'll take care of you.
Isn't it about time?
I can't hold
the plank any longer.
Zhang Ran?